>> Zac: Let me thank you again.
I'm making JavaScript for
WordPress kinda my work and my shtick.
It's what I'm focusing on.
So if you're interested in this,
my Twitter handle is
a pretty good one to follow.
I encourage you to follow.
Ask questions.
I can point you to a lot of people if
I can't always answer the question or
know something.
I know most of the people that can,
so I could point you towards them, so
check me out there.
And then if you do want to
go in depth in this, and
you do wanna invest in some education.
I am taking about 20 students 3 times
a year and working with them one
on one through hours, and hours, and
hours of content at javascriptforwp.
So maybe if you wanna recommend it to
a friend you're welcome to, or for
yourself to check out.
But again,
there are some free resources there, and
I hope that this was super valuable for
you.
I thank all of you here in the workshop.
Give yourself a round of applause, please.
Thank you for doing this.
Very happy.
And you at home, huge fan.
I hope to meet you one day.
Say hi, ping me with questions,
let me know how I could help,
if there were any mistakes and
I hope everything went well.
And then the final bit of
gratitude goes to Mark and
all the folks at Frontend Masters,
all the other instructors.
If mine is the first course you're
checking out, please check out other ones.
If mine is the tenth course,
they've got even more coming, so
check out their live workshops.
Check out their other stuff and recommend
them to friends, because I use it for
learning and so should you.
Hey, you already are iif you're here.
So thanks again folks, again I'm Zac,
and happy JavaScripting y'all.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Zac: My god, we did it.
[LAUGH] Y'all thank you.
I know that was not easy sitting
in those chairs that whole time.
And we had some set backs, I am very
grateful to all of you for your help.
Thank you.